README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Update project structure and customization

README.md, after:


## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying [`app/page.tsx`](command:_github.copilot.openSymbolInFile?%5B%22app%2Fpage.tsx%22%2C%22app%2Fpage.tsx%22%5D "app/page.tsx"). The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

## Project Structure

This project is a Next.js application with a focus on modular design. The main parts of the application are:

- [`app/`](command:_github.copilot.openRelativePath?%5B%22app%2F%22%5D "app/"): Contains global styles, layout, and main page component.
- [`components/`](command:_github.copilot.openRelativePath?%5B%22components%2F%22%5D "components/"): Contains reusable components like cards, dropdowns, inputs, and text elements.
- [`config/`](command:_github.copilot.openRelativePath?%5B%22config%2F%22%5D "config/"): Contains configuration data for the application.
- [`fonts/`](command:_github.copilot.openRelativePath?%5B%22fonts%2F%22%5D "fonts/"): Contains custom fonts used in the application.
- [`hooks/`](command:_github.copilot.openRelativePath?%5B%22hooks%2F%22%5D "hooks/"): Contains custom React hooks, like `useMobile`.
- [`public/`](command:_github.copilot.openRelativePath?%5B%22public%2F%22%5D "public/"): Contains public assets like images.
- [`sections/`](command:_github.copilot.openRelativePath?%5B%22sections%2F%22%5D "sections/"): Contains components for different sections of the application, like the footer, navbar, and various content sections.

## Customization

You can customize the application by editing the components and configuration data. For example, you can add new sections by creating new components in the [`sections/`](command:_github.copilot.openRelativePath?%5B%22sections%2F%22%5D "sections/") directory, or change the global styles by editing [`app/globals.scss`](command:_github.copilot.openRelativePath?%5B%22app%2Fglobals.scss%22%5D "app/globals.scss").

For more details, refer to the [`README.md`](command:_github.copilot.openSymbolInFile?%5B%22README.md%22%2C%22README.md%22%5D "README.md") file in your workspace.
